What we've got here, when I reload
my page is still nothing [LAUGH].
Because, still I'm just declaring
functions render buttons is just
a function it has to get called.
And where that gets called is inside
of this render quiz function,
which is another example of rendering
data that we need to the page.
This one is going to take
in some kind of image URL,
that's going to be what we
actually load the dog image from.
A correct answer of
what breed that dog is.
And then, an array of choices of
our all of our different reads or
the few choices that we've pulled out.
Where that function is called, if we look,
where are we actually rendering the quiz?
If we're not, we're not actually rendering
the quiz yet, so we need to do that.
And in order to render the quiz we need
the data that this render
function requires.
And that means we need to load
some data from the interwebs.
In this case what we're doing,
is we're using another an a sync
function called load quiz data,
which is really similar to
our fetch message function.
In fact,
it's using our fetch message function.
To fetch something from this
URL called RANDOM_IMG_ENDPOINT,
which if we look at it is another
endpoint on the dog CEO API,
that is actually called
dog.ceo/api/breeds/image/random.
And what this does,
is it gets me a URL to a totally
randomly chosen dog of a certain breed.
And notice that that
URL is of that format,
that we learned how to parse we
wrote a function to parse earlier.
So what we're doing, is we're asking
the dog.ceo API for a random image,
which it's gonna give us back in
a message property of this JSON object.
It's not gonna give us the image itself,
it's gonna give us the URL to the image.
And then what we're doing, is we're
going to set that in our renderquiz,
we're setting that on an image
element that we're creating, so
that we can actually load
the image from that source.
So, you can read through all this code on
your own to really understand what it's
doing and you can look up on MDN the
different methods it's using and whatnot.
But suffice it to say, very similar to
how we created our buttons it's creating
an image element and
populating certain attributes.
Including the source attribute of
an image element is what tells it what
image to display.
And then,
what it's doing is it's waiting for
that image to load using an event
listener attached to the load event.
So what we need to do now is we need to
actually call these two functions we need
to load our quiz data, and
that's an asynchronous function.
And then we need to render
our quiz with that data.
And what this data returns is an array
of thing O's, of a dog image or
URL, the correct answer, and
then the multiple choices using
our two helper functions well,
our three helper functions actually.
Fetch the message, get the breed from
the URL and get multiple choices.
So we're actually doing most of this work.
I just prewrote so that we wouldn't have
to a function that pulls it all together.
What we need to do now is actually
hit run on our program and
actually do all this stuff.
So first thing we need to do is
asynchronously call the loadQuizData
function.
It's an async function, so we need to
make sure that we use what keyword?
>> Await.
>> Await, right.
So we want to await our loadQuizdata.
And this doesn't actually take in any
arguments because, it's using some
of these constants, that we had declared
way up at the beginning of the file.
Like all those breeds and
this URL is hard coded.
Okay.
>> But that function does return data,
do we need to capture that?
>> We sure do,
we wanna use the data that this
gives us back in order to populate
in order to render our quiz.
How can we do that,
how can we capture this data.
>> Destructuring.
>> We could use destructuring, so
what this returns is an array
with three things in it.
So how can I capture the result of
awaiting this asynchronous load function?
>> Do you use a constant in front of that.
>> We can use const.
>> And then the square brackets.
>> Square brackets because it's
an array we're destructuring here.
>> And then in there would be the three
that you have listed right there
image URL.
>> And we can name them
different things if we want,
cuz all that we care
about is the order yep.
So yeah correct answer and
choices yep, great.
Okay, so
now we're gonna get those values but
we still need to actually draw stuff and
add elements to the page.
And to do that we're gonna
use our renderQuiz function,
which takes in the URL,
the correct answer and the choices.
So, on the next line I
can call render quiz
with these values that I just got out,
yeah.
>> Yes.
>> Correct answer is the next one and
then choice.
And if, the programming gods are with
us who knows if there's a missing
parenthesis or something somewhere here.
But if the programming gods are with
us and I save this file now.
Open the file, file open in my y'all,
we loaded this dog, he's so
big because we did such a good job.
And now there's a few different
options and this is a huge dog.
So I have a guest but
what do you think that we have options
we added buttons we added buttons y'all.
Now the question is do the click handlers
work right, well they're not disabled at
least these buttons so that's that's
a plus [LAUGH] but what should we guess.
Anybody got a guess on what dog this?
Yeah, well that's one of our options so
I heard Mastiff we want
to guess Mastiff Green correct answer,
excellent job.
Our click handler worked,
let's try again let's reload the page,
okay smaller dog on this time [LAUGH].
And I am not sure what this is but
should we guess
>> That cam terroir again?
>> I think everything gets the care and
again yep, sure is okay,
we're too good at the game, we have to
check if our incorrect answer works.
Okay, I'm pretty sure that
this is a Pomeranian so
let's not get Pomeranian just
to test our click handlers,
I have never actually heard
of this dog breed kuvaas.
It worked, it told us that the answer I
clicked kuvaas was wrong with our red with
our incorrect class which we
could have changed colors and
it told us which one was correct.
It added all of those did that nested
loop, that we implemented earlier.
We have implemented
a dynamically loading website,
that is fetching data from the internet,
dynamically populating
the page with new elements
which have event listeners
attached to them.
And is responding to our user input.
I mean, it's a very simple quiz game but
it's actually doing
a ton of powerful stuff.
And in order to do all that stuff,
we had to use asynchronous JavaScript.
And this is possibly our
first week using JavaScript,
our first time really wrapping
our heads around this stuff.
And we've already got, a dynamic,
very kind of modern style,
render, like load data and
then render it webpage.
Now, did we write every single
line of this program ourselves?
No but, all of the stuff that we do in
this program is very similar to the things
that we did previously, just kind of
wrapped up in a little bit different way..
So I really encourage you later
to go through and more carefully
look through the code that's happening
here that we kind of glossed over.
And maybe quiz yourself sort of
try to re implement some of it,
see how you would do it and
compare it to the finished answer.
And compare your solution in your local
file with my solution in the finished
version, which you can
find on the course site.
And continue digging, continue looking up
things [LAUGH] on MDN, yes question.
>> More of a reaction Alexandria
has given you rocket ship emojis.
>> I give everyone huge
dog on scooter emoji.
We started just getting started
just pushing ourselves and
now we're just like this
amazingly fluffy dog.
Just rocking it rolling our way through
JavaScript, so amazing job everybody,
it's truly amazing job, yeah.
>> A question, when you were populating
those possible choices from the breeds,
was there a possibility that two
of the same values are returned?
Or do you saw D dupe, the values that are
pushed into like those possible choices?
>> So in this array, you just have to kind
of trust me that there's no duplicates,
but that would be a fun exercise.
Can you go through this breed's array and
guarantee or
like prove to yourself that there are no
duplicates, that's a fun question.
And then the question was when we did our
get multiple choices, how do we guarantee
that we don't have to have the same choice
in those buttons, was that the question?
>> Right.
>> Yeah, and
that was why we did this, we went to
the trouble of doing this if conditional.
Where we made sure that before
we push a potential choice,
a candidate choice,
into the array, we check and
make sure that choices does not
include that possibility already.